blog: add a new release blog for v1.1.0 (#383)
notaryproject/notaryproject.dev: content/en/blog/2024/announcing-notation-v1-1.md

---
title: Notary Project announces Notation v1.1.0!
author:  "Notary Project Release Team"
date: 2024-02-08
draft: false
---

The Notary Project maintainers are proud to announce new releases for its sub-projects, including [Notary Project specifications v1.1.0](https://github.com/notaryproject/specifications/releases/tag/v1.1.0), [notation v1.1.0](https://github.com/notaryproject/notation/releases/tag/v1.1.0), [notation-go v1.1.0](https://github.com/notaryproject/notation-go/releases/tag/v1.1.0), and [notation-core-go v1.0.2](https://github.com/notaryproject/notation-core-go/releases/tag/v1.0.2), [Notation GitHub Actions v1.0.1](https://github.com/notaryproject/notation-action/releases/tag/v1.0.1) which are ready for production use! 

Meanwhile, a new library [notation-plugin-framework-go

> ](https://github.com/notaryproject/notation-plugin-framework-go) released the first minor release v1.1.0. It contains framework required to create notation plugins as per [Notary Project specifications](https://github.com/notaryproject/specifications). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
](https://github.com/notaryproject/notation-plugin-framework-go) released the first release v1.0.0. It contains framework required to create notation plugins as per [Notation Plugin specification](https://github.com/notaryproject/specifications/blob/v1.1.0/specs/plugin-extensibility.md). 
```

- [Azure Key Vault for Notation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/container-registry/container-registry-tutorial-sign-build-push)
- [Venafi CodeSign Protect Signing Plugin for Notation](https://github.com/Venafi/notation-venafi-csp)

### Specifications

For plugin vendors who want to package and distribute a Notation plugin,  [Notation Plugin specification](https://github.com/notaryproject/specifications/blob/v1.1.0/specs/plugin-extensibility.md) defines the plugin conventions to ensure plugins are delivered in a consistent format and compatible with `notation plugin` management commands.

### Get started with Notation v1.1.0

You can follow this [quick start](https://notaryproject.dev/docs/quickstart/) to try Notation v1.1.0 on your terminal.

The default Notation CLI setup action in Notation GitHub Actions has also been updated to v1.1.0. It enables users to install Notation and its plugin, sign and verify OCI artifacts in GitHub Actions workflow with ease.

To get started with Notation v1.1.0 in a CI/CD workflow, you can find the Notation GitHub Actions in the [Marketplace](https://github.com/marketplace/actions/notation-actions). 

## What's next

> The Notary Project maintainers are considering the following features for future milestones. Feel free to reach out on the [Slack channel](https://app.slack.com/client/T08PSQ7BQ/CQUH8U287/) or [GitHub issues](https://github.com/notaryproject/.github/issues) to ask questions, provide feedback, or share ideas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Notary Project maintainers are considering the following features for future milestones. Feel free to reach out on the [Slack channel](https://app.slack.com/client/T08PSQ7BQ/CQUH8U287/) or [GitHub issues](https://github.com/notaryproject/notation/issues) to ask questions, provide feedback, or share ideas.
```
